Hey since we're here since we're
on your gossip show and today I posted
a tweet that people did
n't want to say in case it bothered you
But I
posted it on purpose to piss off
Eh Well okay because I was going to
introduce you the beginning it
's true and I did this on purpose
because like two years ago or more they said
Even on these gossip shows they
said that I had been
proposed and I was good
practically that it was certain that I was going to
enter Survivors and it was
absolutely false okay but this
time it's true that they offered me to
enter Big Brother VIP a
few weeks ago and I posted a kind
of survey on Twitter simply to
see people's reactions and so they
know that although
the voting hasn't ended I'll tell you in advance the
answer was you didn't all get it right
the majority come on I was going to when I was going to
start directly I stopped it since we didn't have
confidence well I was going to tell you
Oscar Tarruela
criminologist police at home and
possible contestant on Big Brother
[Laughs]
I think that the one who thought it with whoredom I mean
should have this  you bastard what a
cliché people right away this one who
makes an anxiety profile you can give us
a game of milk I think and since
neither as Jose says I have no hairs on my
tongue well they must have thought that it must have
been a good idea and I also imagine that
because I was the ex of Monica Naranjo who
is very helpful who is very wise not like that I
knew but
at least since we are on the
gossip and today I have been a little with the subject
of some of some individuals or
individuals who are sometimes dedicated on
Twitter and in the networks to do this Well
also Hey we
can ask about Monica Naranjo and
everything is that of course here what
YouTube has It's that this has no time
Limit it can tell you something
super or not whatever you want Of course but I'm
going to make a very
important exclusion and that is that neither she taught me to
investigate nor I taught her to sing host
eye eh
I do have to say that
not long ago paparazzi told me that he had been
following my ex and what's more he's
a guy who takes pictures of
everyone and gets the exclusions of everyone
and  he told me
uncle I was following your ex and there was no way I
mean it's that I showed her very
well [ __ ]
Monica Naranjo was my platonic love from
childhood of my adolescence but I
discovered her in 97 and for me Monica
Naranjo I was a fan of Monica
Naranjo and I also say it eh Since I
'm talking about Monica Naranjo
for me the thing is that I was caught wrong during the Natalia era
the truth is coming out Well,
her partner for I think we were
together for
approximately 13 years and
finally Well, the thing is that we almost didn't
know each other became
coworkers and I decided one day that
was not the life that I
liked and that I who never abandoned
despite what people didn't know the
world of crime I always continued
teaching continue
in this in this job and in a
different way or rather one thing to be a
judicial police officer and another on leave well it can
be like in my case a judicial expert But
well life in the end one decides the
life that one wants to live and I decided that in
the book I expose it also in  the intro
briefly that after finding some
lumps that were the prelude to the cancer
that my mother suffered from I
decided to put an end to that whole life
that didn't make me happy It just didn't make me
happy and
for whoever listens
an artist a famous person Is anyone on a
human level is any of
us they pee they poop they get up
in the mornings they have bad days and
good days like the rest of us and if
my mother taught me anything good and I hope
anyone learns it is that nobody is
above anybody and nobody is
below anybody So ​​we can
think about that in our heads Those are the
complexes of each one but I want
people to feel like the protagonists
of their own lives and to live everything that they
want to live not what they've been
told would be good for them to live
relationships end I mean there's no
drama they
end and that's it they start and end I've been with
mine for twenty-something
98 it
's that of course you're talking to me about
another generation and another time here I am a
woman of
course let's see it's that I'm 37 I've still
had a bit of everything
today's program no I mean  This seems
impressive to me and hey, it seemed to me like a
nice closure because not saying it we have more
pending
more there I have stayed we have to
meet more often I
mean
also I like it a lot because look
sometimes he tells me I'm not here Oscar you who read
when he reads and you only watch crime series
or you only go to see them obviously sometimes
colleagues send me all kinds of
professionals they send me books on
criminology law now I'm
talking I'm reading one by a
jurist from the penitentiary world who is a
great friend of mine But I try uh I try to
disconnect I try to live in a
very different world than the one I do because if not I
would end up crazy in fact the
book at the beginning I say that it was on the
advice of my therapist after so
many years of living with all
kinds of homicides and especially crimes against minors to
mention that they left me absolutely
devastated especially the crimes
against minors and in the end I
swear it has been a great therapy what I
like the most is that people have
said wow Oscar I imagined that it was going to
be a book
simply narrating not a more
technical part of the homicides and we have
met a sensitive person who
suffers with the  families that live and are
capable of putting themselves in the place of
others and it's not me, we are a bunch of
colleagues who risk our lives on
many occasions and we do it from the
heart because we believe that this is
being at the Service of the citizen